[Music]
he did it he's on time wow
look at you
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast i don't know the number
year volume none of that's important
anymore my name is jeff ramsey with me
as always andrew panton and gavin free
uh gavin congratulations you made it
exactly on time i didn't remember to
mute my speaker though that was quite
loud
what do you mean hear it
yeah at all
which is interesting because last week
you were late by a couple minutes and
then i was tuning in to one of our
sister podcasts this week the rooster
teeth podcast which is one of the other
ones that you frequent and you were a
good i would say nine minutes late to
that one
and that got me wondering
do we need to have some sort of an
on-time intervention what is happening
in your life that the the thing that
like the bedrock that you stake claim to
being punctual is is is is no longer
attainable for you i could get a car i
think that would help quite a lot do you
think that's what it was when you didn't
show up to a face but you haven't had a
car before you know you've well i got
last time i got yelled at by jeff when i
stormed off and got to the podcast early
without saying hello to you
yeah i didn't see you yesterday so that
was yeah i didn't make you late to the
rt podcast with a hello this week coming
in hot off another video there's not
enough time people not showing up on
time
now i'm late
i have been late a lot i hate being late
it seems like a trend yeah i just want
to make sure everything's okay
personally if you're not like
experiencing any trouble or trauma or
issues or do you take some time away or
no i'm just i mean if you could see me
i'm not scrambling around trying to make
it on time i'm just stood there waiting
for a car to shut down
my damn thumbs
how late would you have to be before you
just didn't show up at all what's your
line oh that's a great question
um
i don't physically know how i could be
an hour late yeah i think i'm in the
same boat i think i would just come
anyway
really
yeah i guess it depends on the thing if
i'm supposed to be there at a certain
time if i'm 45 minutes late i'm just not
gonna show up i'm just not gonna go
dude
i one time had dinner with previous ceo
of the company ezra years and years ago
in san francisco
and he showed up to dinner that he
booked at a sushi restaurant that he
wanted to take me to
three hours late
yeah i've had that same i had the same
thing with him you just didn't go you
you didn't show up you missed you're not
three hours late you didn't go he just
didn't go and he would keep texting me
like i'll be there in 45 minutes showing
up three hours late is the same as
showing up the day after like or you got
the day wrong
he made a dinner reservation at seven
o'clock and we ate dinner at like 9 45.
that's ridiculous yeah busy people i
guess
i feel like y'all though i i think if
you're more than 45 minutes late you
just you can't make it you just can't
show up that late yeah it removes the
lateness in my mind
if i never go then i was never late
like i would like it is that the point
do you think like 44 to 45 minutes is
when it crosses over it like the needle
passes from late to absent i think it
also depends on if you're in contact
with that person hmm that's a great
point as well like did you were you
texting
ezra when you were yeah he was texting
me going hey buddy i'll be i'll be there
in 45 minutes running a little late
five minutes later um he's still going
to be about 40 meetings after that
he was probably wasn't even in san
francisco he's probably taking a plane
two seconds
he was in the wrong state he was like
that was six seven years ago it was a
while ago i don't know it's not nice to
be known for being late i feel like no
if you're usually on time then it's how
many more
how many more uh tardy tardies would you
have to have before you admit you have a
problem i think i'm two
tardy appearances away from being
someone who's late
[Laughter]
now is this a system that clears or is
it like can you
it's like when your shield recharges if
i go like six months without any
weakness i think i could then
potentially get three late lates before
i late personally but i've used up like
i feel like i've used up two two lives
recently the problem
the problem with that is that's that's
absolutely how that works but the scale
is so difficult it's kind of like how
it's like so easy to lose your parents
trust but so hard yes
so much more work to get it back than it
did
than the offense i feel like it's this
like you can get you can definitely
knock three or four of those those at
least three of those tardies off but
it's got it's an inordinate amount of
time it is and it takes forever to
reverse that if you become a late guy
it's gonna take four years of on time
before you could reverse that as opposed
to like missing two things every six
months you don't get the perception once
you have that label you can't check do
you think six months is enough time to
recharge the shield of one lateness oh
for sure yeah i think without it i think
so i would say though if you're just
looking at amount of effort and work if
you think it's possible that you might
be late two more times in the next
i don't know three months or so would
probably be the window i would consider
just changing my personality to a late
guy i think it might be easier
than trying to repair the damage to just
just go all in and embrace it just
become a different person i just could
not double down on that i just don't
have i don't have that in me
because i would be the biggest hypocrite
in the world i hate when people are late
[Laughter]
i guess i don't know it would be a
philosophy change right you wouldn't be
a hypocrite at a certain point you could
have like a coming to lightness moment
where you realize you know what
this is this is the life i've been
missing [__] everybody else
andrew your wordsmithing is phenomenal
this week
oh man i'm glad you're be able to make
it on time gavin yeah glad you were here
because last time it was rough we had a
rough start with yeah things kind of
collapsed
it was bad pleasantries last time
i wrote down on my notes to have an
on-time intervention with you but this
is this is not what this was this is
more just like concerned friends letting
you know giving you a heads up that an
intervention could be uh on the horizon
with a few more tardies under your belt
yeah i mean i feel like off a podcast
would be a nicer place to do that but
sure
dude
it's impossible to stay off the podcast
andrew approached me last week and said
hey man we need to talk and i was like
okay and he goes you and i we need a
thing we don't have a thing right now
it's not basketball season it's not
hockey season
uh though we have been out of sync on
that for a while anyway it was
collecting cards for a while but then we
turned that into content we built a show
around it we need like a thing that you
and i do
uh like to maintain our friendship in
the off seasons of basketball since we
lost the some of the other things that
we had and the second he he presented
that to me all i could think about is
what kind of things we could come up
with for the show
even today i was like i think i'm
missing the point of this whole exercise
because everything you bring up i just
want to turn into content oh it's fair
and then try to make the case of what if
we made the fact it isn't content
content what if that's the content the
thing that we we're doing this thing
that we don't ever talk about but we
talk about that we're not talking like
two two guys try not to make content i
guess yeah yeah what a terrible
it's just like this all goes to say gab
i think it's impossible to have this
conversation off the podcast because the
podcast is now
23 hours of a day of our lives
it's
it's a weird thing to try to think of
hobbies in that way too
i've never really been like i need to
find a thing it's always been like i
come across something and think that
would be great
the best idea i've had so far and just
trying to think of hobbies to come up
with is jeff and i becoming metal
detector guys
like buying a metal detector like being
the people that walk on a beach i guess
i don't know like i like the idea
yeah that's that was the problem and it
then turned into what if it was like a
sport where you have like a field of
dirt and there are bean holes everywhere
and you have to try to find the one the
beans like you got to go and find a
costa yeah exactly
it turned into a whole thing
oh man and see and you just very quickly
suddenly we're writing content for the
show we are yeah it's all passing the
challenges for survivor i guess
well it's a mix of like discovery and
competitive eating like imagine if joey
chestnut had to find the hot dogs
like it's a two-layer thing that we're
doing here i don't think competitive
eating has ever had competitive
searching tasks
yeah he had to have military land
navigation skills
he's out there with a compass
that's where we connect
it is it's great i love it there could
be ones with fake beans i don't know we
have a lot that we could possibly work
with with the jelly beans
jelly beans
dude imagine if you dug up a bean hole
and then for dessert you dug up a jelly
bean hole
[Laughter]
i'm imagining it being like a little
little bean container within the bean
container like a russian doll type thing
it'd just be like a slab of sugar a
cylinder it's just melted
oh i'd be terrible if you melted a bunch
of jelly beans like every flavor into
one thing
that'd be awful be a terrible taste i
think so yeah if you if you melted every
flavor simultaneously
i bet that's terrible i bet it tastes
like nothing but it's just unpleasant i
gotta i gotta admit something to you
guys i'm excited
what's your confession
the other night we were cooking uh just
like it was one of those nights where
nobody got a hold of dinner ahead of
time so it was just sort of like make
what make whatever you can find laying
around the house
and uh emily found some corn dogs in the
freezer
state fair corn dogs
and she [__] she put them on the air
fryer and she cooked up some corn dogs
and they smelled so [__] good
i thought about eating one
you didn't do it though but i didn't do
it wow see that would have been the
perfect corn dog update as opposed to
last week when you just brought it up
nothing happened
yeah but and then something happened
right and uh it was just like it was
almost like as almost like like
mentioning it last time willed it to
happen this time uh it was close i would
say i was like uh
i was like 40 60 on eating it yeah it
was
wow
yeah what could have tilted the scale
uh like what what was the if i had
honestly if i hadn't had a
microwave pizza
oh wow or a frozen pizza
i got saved by a pizza yeah
screaming italian pizza uh the corn dogs
are the pizza pizza
uh probably three weeks
okay
three three weeks to a month i would say
i can't remember when i bought it but i
bought it
not not too too long ago certainly not
like three days ago
how does that make you feel andrew
that's fine people can shop how they
shop i just have never considered
shopping that way i did want to clarify
within this episode i don't want to
pivot away jeff if you have more to
expand i got nothing else
that's my i just had another update
we've talked about it for a long time i
think i'm going to do
the grocery cap thing next week well the
end caps the end caps but i had some
questions i wanted to clarify before i
did this i was gonna start i was
thinking like maybe wednesday next week
so it'd be a day in when we recorded um
so it's the end caps
is there any other restrictions like i'm
assuming i can't use the back of the
store at all
you know because there's like the open
like deli yeah nothing on the walls
nothing on the walls nothing like none
of the little island cases that are kind
of between the different things purely i
mean i feel like if there's an island
you could potentially shop off the end
of the island
yeah yeah i i'm less i islands actually
seem okay to me if they're in like the
larger thoroughfare i would say if you
have to go down a lane
okay to get to it i would think that'd
be a no because that would be past the
end cap see i feel like you can't
traverse past an end cap so islands are
okay as long as i don't hit the middle
of whatever the content is of the island
whatever i mean i would be okay with
that how about you gav yeah why don't we
just say you plant your feet at the end
cap whatever you can reach
is
no because he's going to come up with
he's going to create some sort of a pole
with a grabber
it's got to be from the end cap yeah i
can't go into the row at all it has to
be an end cap yeah is there any
restrictions on how much of an item i
could get
no i don't think so really so you're
gonna have access to a lot of batteries
you might as well buy them no i feel
like because there's always it's gonna
really come down to what's in the
freezer end cap i feel like because
there's always that kind of like open
freezer section area that's end cap
i might just like have to buy 20 pizzas
that just might be what my life
now how do we feel how do we feel about
the
uh like the impulse buy section at the
checkout are we okay like where the
magazines and the archie comments and
point of sale stuff yeah point of sale
stuff are we okay i feel like that's got
to be fair game it's not really no
because they put a bunch of different
convenience stuff there that's gonna
make it too easy i think you think so
but not to survive off of it's gonna be
like [__] pringles and chocolate bars
i guess it's true it's like snickers and
gum you never
if he wants to live off kinder eggs he
can i guess yeah
like i'm not a good point you never see
a bag of rice at the checkout like
nobody is buying real food at the
express it's true
it's mainly it's mainly like gum mints
and magazines about what meghan markle's
been doing you want to take away my gum
gavin you monster
what uh one other point of clarification
i think needs to be made here that just
popped into my head i'm trying to think
of ways that andrew could flaunt the
system
uh
if you go to an end cap
and there's an out-of-place item in the
end cap like a bag of flour and you just
happen to need flour
or whatever i feel like that's
off-limits it's not from the end cap
it's not of the end cap it shouldn't be
able it shouldn't be accessible as such
because then you could have your partner
go in and get like a bunch of frozen
goods for your eggs and then place them
strategically around
the grocery store for you to find and i
just i feel like we gotta head that off
now yeah my my thinking was that andrew
would befriend the store owner and ask
for a custom end cap to be like oh
he's gonna get
milk and bread in the same end you know
that's just as plausible
yeah i i appreciate my head was not
there but that is a great it would be a
workaround for sure
so end caps only islands are okay within
a certain distance checkout is okay
and it's one week right that's the goal
survive a week off and cap can i go to
the grocery store as much as i want to
yeah i think so okay yeah i kind of
don't want you to eat 14 pizzas though
because yeah i know die well that's i
think that's so you think that's what's
gonna kill him you and i approached that
differently i was like i feel like
that'd just be kind of a lame way to do
this it'd be almost maybe it'd be lame
but also it's
terrible he's gonna have access to like
cheez-its
powdered donuts and gatorade like
there's not gonna be a lot of food out
there for him
he's gonna have access he's gonna have
access to ice cream cones but not ice
cream
and are you gonna is this one store are
you gonna end cap
i think i'm gonna just go to one store i
think that should be part of it i
appreciate i the rules of this could be
ridiculous like you guys can make it so
if it's like aisle six i can get up to
six items like there are all sorts of
restrictions you could do with this
thing this seems kind of simple i'm
pretty confident that this will be fine
yeah i think we crawl before we walk and
then run we got plenty of life ahead of
us to come up with aisle six uh stuff
are you gonna be able to
document or provide pictures of what you
eat each day yeah yeah i will that's
what i honestly think the funniest photo
will be will be whatever my first haul
looks like of stuff from the end cap can
we have can i can we can i get with the
social team and have one at least have a
daily update on the face absolutely okay
that'd be fantastic 100 what if we open
it up to uh
he can also forage
like walk through the woods and find
mushrooms and [__]
he's gonna poison himself eating [__]
that he thinks is food there's no way
i'm definitely getting a metal detector
now
this isn't a psychological loan on
netflix
i just love the idea of andrew treating
it like he's lost
like a solo expedition but he's just in
the middle of his own town
i'm gonna get arrested going into an old
backyard of a place i used to live at
that i know has an apple tree it's gonna
it's gonna be bad you're gonna get
arrested for scrumping you don't
oh my god okay so i think i got it i
don't think i'll salad cream this in any
way it seems very straightforward i'm
excited to start this process next week
here's the thing with you though
about and salad creaming i don't think
you intend to salad cream
oh i think
the cream runs through your veins
very rarely yeah
[Music]
[Laughter]
what percentage do you think
i'm gonna stay
[Laughter]
i think you've gotta you gotta sit down
yes eric says six months of no salad
cream
you have to be almost halfway there i
don't think here's how you avoid it
you have to sit down with yourself
before you present anything or post
anything or decide anything just sit
down and think
what what is jeff and gavin after all
right what do we want from it what are
we trying to see
and just try and provide it just try and
visualize that and go for that goal okay
oh i don't think i sour cream this there
is a potential for a solid cream i uh i
i sent the i mean if it's on an end cap
absolutely
i sent the cosmic chris people a dm the
other day because they followed me on
twitter i was like hey type thing
reaching out saying hi
i brought up the podcast that we that we
reviewed the cosmic crisp and they
replied back um being like hey it's so
great we appreciate the support so much
could you link us uh the episode in
which you guys talk about this because
the team i'm sure would love to listen
to it god so then i was in a real
dilemma i didn't know what to say
because i could either
i could have done it again you tuxedoed
it stop emailing people you're ruining
everything
stop drawing people's attention to us
who are we
[__] on this fight
well that's the problem let us [__]
under the radar man yeah because i could
send the cosmic crisp review we did but
it's almost all of you guys saying this
isn't that great this is very average
which i don't think is reflective
of the opinions of the show necessarily
in our defense well in their defense we
would just talk about
how it's just an apple yeah
[Laughter]
yeah so i think as an apple it's good
but it is still just a six out of 10
fruit so then i sent them i i picked and
what i had to go into our catalog and
find the episode of where i reviewed the
cosmic crisp
uh but that is just a general episode
which that happens in i also
gave a review worse than realized that
it was a pink lady and had to do a
review
there's no way to submit them anything
that isn't heavily edited i will send
them
both
unedited full video or audios
and uh and then let's just find a new
fruit let's get into pears
[Laughter]
yeah i haven't heard back might as well
just be honest with them about what it
is and who we are and then we'll just
you know we'll pivot onto another
like another
round fruit
oranges are popular everybody lives in
orange i don't i feel like i rarely see
anything about a new orange not a
[__] a lot of work to get to an
orange too
i hate it i hate it
nothing i like less than peeling an
orange
yeah i guess like i was going to say i
don't want you know
fingers man you can't ha you can't eat
orange without having shitty little kids
sticky fingers like you're five years
old sitting on your grandma's back porch
i hate it
but eric just said just bite in are you
are you serious
what are you doing nobody just bites
into an orange yeah i mean you got to be
the change you want to see in the world
so
if you don't want if you don't want
sticky fingers just take a bite and then
spit it out and pretend like you're
doing a grenade or something you know
but then you have to bite
you have to bite all the way around you
gotta buy all the peel off yeah that's
the problem yeah but i think you could
probably peel some with your teeth and
kind of work it through and it's not as
sticky on your fingies maybe like once
you get it started um yeah a little bit
of that juice out you know we need to do
this sounds like a problem for a uniform
boy we haven't talked about uniform in a
while uh uniform combining the power of
one with the fabric of the farm uniform
uh we should invent fruit gloves
what do you mean fruit you mean like
special gloves special gloves for you to
use
uh that
make it that enhance the fruit eating
experience
obviously they have to do more than just
cover your fingers from the stickies
that's
i'm presenting the problem with which we
will come up with the solution for we
have to we have to figure out how to
enhance these gloves in other ways we
can do that we can do that no i think
there's a way we can i think this way we
can improve upon the glove i don't know
what it is yet but now my mind is off to
the races so i'll get back to you guys
in a few days i assume you'll have
something too by then so you're taking
gloves which protect your hands from
multiple different things and you're
making a version of gloves specifically
for fruit yeah fruit gloves
hold on let me write this down on my
phone so i remember to do it invent
fruit
he's gonna look at this in two hours and
go what the [__] is fruit gloves why did
i write this thing
yeah well i wrote invent fruit gloves so
it's it like gets a full sentence
i got it
huh i'll be fine i think you got this
maybe like padding on the fingertips a
little little sausage there's a lot of
that's it
yeah there's a lot for every fruit it's
like there's a lot of variation too and
how you retreat well that's going to be
a part of the thing it's like there's a
lot of different fruits and i assume
different fruits have different needs
you know so i'll have to spend some time
thinking about
about the particularities of each fruit
and how to how to get the most out of it
like
are the needs of a grape the same as the
needs of an orange no so how does the
glove
uh
help bring both uh
to their flavor forefront we'll have to
figure that out it's like when you're
buying a cable or something and it tells
you what compatible like devices it has
i want to buy gloves that they like
can't be used with cherries right right
i want to know what the specifics are
for these things these gloves don't
support 4k
right these are these are pear and mango
gloves they don't do not open a banana
with these gloves it'll go badly yeah
like you yeah absolutely we are rated
for different fruits we are one or two
ideas away from having a fantastic
kickstarter scam of like it can tell the
ripeness when you touch it get the most
fresh fruit
oh that's great wi-fi enabled
this is great we got a complete scam
that we can we love this yeah are you
guys kiwi skin peelers or eaters
oh uh neither
ah i'm a peeler i guess i'm not crazy
about kiwi's skin
i do peel but only once
you peel once yeah like i'll get a spoon
and then i will take the top off and
then i will just eat the innards without
peeling anything else yeah that's how i
used to kiwi now i ate a kiwi like an
apple
and uh it's just the same
hairiness yeah how do you eat an apple
uh as eric would peel a on orange
just bite in like a grenade got it all
right
kiwis are very throwable they'd make for
great grenades if there's gonna be a
grenade fruit i think i'd go kiwi you
got weight but it's not too heavy pretty
small though probably a small explosion
well that doesn't necessarily equate
does it size of thing to explosion
you think like a smaller thing will have
a bigger explosion well i think it could
potentially i'm just saying that you
just because it's small doesn't mean the
explosion won't be big that's true i'm
also saying that like i'm basing this
off of action movies i've seen so i
don't i don't think that that's an
accurate representation of what the
thing is i think a lot of the time is
like the chain reaction explosions is
like how many pounds of [__] you've put
in there i guess you just changed what's
in there that's true very valid point
you know that chicken soup for the soul
makes movies
you know what they're doing not that
we're a movie podcast but
they exist still and they make movie i
watch this movie i know we're not a
movie
what are the move
here i'll just post a thing can you just
post a link to the movie yeah i'm going
to they may like
is that like a
like a gak movie or something no i
thought it was a joke so this is a movie
i watched earlier this week called
willie's wonderland with nicholas cage
and the premier yeah it's like the five
nights kind of yeah or something yeah
it's like a guy going through town and
he has to clean an arcade and the
machines come to life and he has to kill
them it opened with a chicken soup for
the soul production i was like is this a
joke
and uh no they make movies what a
chicken soup for the soul normally do oh
they're like self-help books yeah okay
huge i forgot they existed but they were
massive when i was growing up like the
90s it was a big thing like the
evolution of brands they make dog food
now it's very weird no idea they existed
yet no chicken soup for the stomach
seems like a no-brainer
[__]
i didn't have another thing happen uh
not my fault but we've been discovered
by a different group
and uh
this is a weird one it's not you can't
blame i know 30 cream is not my fault
uh so i've talked a lot about my hubby's
bagels we love them they're great yeah
great business very sweet i don't think
i've ever mentioned on the show
that the cupcake place i like a wee cup
cakery is like a 20-second walk from my
hubby's bagels oh did you always kill
two birds with one stone i i will often
do both things but i've just i don't
know it's never really come up in my
mind
and uh so my mom was recently buying
something from the cupcakery place and
uh she knows the lady that that runs it
and they're still back and forth and the
woman said i was so funny i had somebody
in here earlier today
uh who came here purely just because of
a podcast
um
that that they listen to that they
really enjoy
and my mom was like oh what was the
podcast and like uh it's uh they didn't
want to say the name
and then
my mom was like did they also mention my
hubby's bagels a lot she said yeah they
also mentioned that that they go to my
hubby's bagels all the time too so they
now know we exist they know face is a
thing and she's like yeah i listened to
an episode to like to hear the mention
of the thing because we've mentioned it
before i've never been more terrified
because the thing that came to mind
immediately for me is when i dropped the
cupcake on the floor oh yeah the cupcake
floor saga and now knowing that like she
knows who i am
and she knows she just next time i go in
there there's a possibility that she
will know that i ate one of her cupcakes
that i dropped on the floor
and that's a level of monster that i
don't want to deal with in my personal
life in like a real way so i'm kind of
scared to go back in yeah i'm going to
agree nick nick wrote uh in the chat uh
what a ringing endorsement for them
though i could come on
incredible like so good you'll eat it
off the floor but then i didn't flow
this was this happened like last week so
i don't know if if they just listened to
a recent episode or
if they somehow they heard that specific
episode but i don't know how you'd even
find that episode because i know i don't
feel like it's ever been named so i
don't know what the details are but
there's a possibility that next time i
go in she will know that i ate a cupcake
off the floor here's what you do you
dazzle and distract her before she has
an opportunity for it to register i got
an idea for you you love my hubby's
bagels you love this cupcake
store right what is a cupcake a a yummy
delicious cylinder what is a bagel a
circle with a hole in the middle you
convince her that they need to create a
some sort of a pop-up crossover event
like like savage fendi where they where
they make a cupcake that you stick in a
bagel and you call it the bagel cake and
then it'll be all over everywhere
i like bitten left and right today but
you get her so excited about that
that that
floor eating cupcake incident will be so
far in the rearview mirror it'll it'll
never pop up again that's a great point
i've googled
face cupcake story and i've been taken
to a reddit post that says psa don't eat
while listening to today's face oh no
yeah
which is from
i don't have to see oh april 14th 2021
yeah that yeah it's pretty easy to find
that's unfortunate
jeff i like your idea people's disgust
i was thinking that i might just need to
glue another mustache to my face when i
go in
like no i think
i think you give them you dangle
something in front of them that's more
exciting than the embarrassment of the
cupcake eating and then you just leap
frog ahead of it
okay
i'll go with that approach i'll keep you
[Applause]
updated this message is brought to you
by betterhelp it is so incredibly
important to take care of your mind now
how you do that is really up to the
person
uh for some working out makes a really
big impact going on runs or walks going
to the gym for me music really helps
video games
naps are great there's also better help
online therapy now i've talked a lot
about therapy in the past for me and how
that has made a tremendous impact in my
life and i would strongly recommend it
to anybody
who is currently going through something
or if you're considering
trying therapy i personally would highly
recommend it a better help is online
therapy that offers a variety of options
and you don't even have to see anyone on
camera if you don't want to
it's much more affordable than in-person
therapy and you can be matched with a
therapist in under 48 hours
our listeners get 10 off their first
month at betterhelp.com
face
that's better h e l p
dot com
slash face
what's holding you back from the
ultimate gaming experience is it the
hundreds the dollars it costs for your
setup or are you the busy on the go type
with only minutes to spare
level up your game with backbone the
universal gaming essential that
instantly enhances your gaming
experience on mobile backbone just
released a playstation edition of their
beloved backbone one the officially
licensed controller for playstation was
brought to life in collaboration with
playstation design team
the elegant colors materials and
finishes are all inspired by the design
of the ps5 dual sense controller
all the way down to the transparent face
buttons and its visually distinctive
floating appearance
simply plug in your iphone to the
backbone and enjoy console quality
controls as you play console games via
remote play or cloud streaming services
and app store games now whether you're
playing a triple-a experience like ghost
of tsushima or something on the mobile
store like cod mobile you will have the
best experience on the backbone it's a
phenomenal controller it is great in
every way it looks beautiful it's
awesome
so go to playback mode dot com slash
face now to order your backbone for a
limited time and get free access to over
350 console games and perks
backbone is now the official partner of
diablo immortal not only is the game
specifically optimized for backbone but
you will also receive ten dollars of
in-game perks
find your next adventure at
playbackbone.com
face
isn't it crazy that in 2022 we have
high-speed internet celebrities going to
space and electric cars and yet people
are still cleaning their bums the way
our victorian brothers and sisters did
with toilet paper step into the 21st
century and upgrade your bathroom
routine and start washing your bum with
hello tushy bidets because smearing your
business around with toilet paper is so
100 years ago
hello tushy makes a great product
they're so easy to install i got one
it's fantastic it is elevated in my
bathroom in every way
so stop spreading your business around
your butthole with toilet paper start
washing with hello tushy bidets
the hello tushy bidet attachment washes
your bum with fresh water for a way
better clean than toilet paper simply
spray and pat dry attaches to your
existing toilet no electrician or
plumbers needed and it installs in less
than eight minutes
helitushi has cleaned over one million
happy bums so join them and take care of
your business the cleaner way we want
all of our listeners to have clean bums
so visit hellotushy.com
face to get 10 off plus free shipping
right now
tag us and at hello tushie on social
media so we can celebrate your clean
butt with you
that's hellotushy.com
face for 10 off
oh no
nick found the episode
face a bunch of toilet stories slash the
first face app
you would not think a bunch of toilet
stories would include an endorsement of
cupcakes
oh no
i'm so [__] i can't go back no you
might know that
it's over
[__] your mom's gonna be doing a lot of
shopping for you
would you need to change about your
appearance until it was
like
clark kent levels of disguise where it's
not ridiculous but people aren't seeing
you
that's tough because i'm not you know
what actually very minimal as a not
paych guy i think i throw a pair of
pants on nobody's gonna think
that's a good point
as a no pants no hat guy throw a hat on
throw some pants there's no way
zero percent chance
i i saw the best comment uh recently it
was
talking about your keyboard saga and how
it's very strange that you could see a
woman pissing from like hundreds of feet
away out your window but you can't see
the f row of keys
very different circumstances
dude speaking of comments can i could i
take a second to mention uh absolutely a
reddit post i saw the other day that and
also speaking of endorsements i think
this is an endorsement for the power of
gavin did you see the thing posted in
the face subreddit by this poor guy
the username is bob from boston
uh his thread was gavin's bad luck red
sox
and then he wrote in june the boston red
sox were one of the hottest teams in
baseball with a record of 20 and six for
the month uh united baseball fan gavin
daley that's a very good record 20 wins
six losses uh after gavin first brought
up his sock dilemma on june 29th the red
sox have been one of the worst teams in
baseball finishing july with a record of
eight wins and 19 losses coincident i
think gavin has somehow jinxed the team
without even knowing it this is how real
this curse is you
are you've taken down a 120 year old
baseball franchise they haven't been
curt
you know how long it took them to get
over their last curse it took them like
70 years to get past the last curse
jesus christ dude these socks are gonna
be powerful they're gonna be a big deal
i was thinking because we were talking
about doing the thing where i curse 100
pairs of socks or something and i'll
sign a little thing to go with them and
i'm thinking of using the red socks that
i have in the curse i'm thinking of
putting those on my hands yeah i'm not
waving them over the other socks to
spread the curse but i think i have to
use the sauce
so eric and i were having a conversation
yesterday
about this exact thing and we were gonna
bring it to you we want to do a like a
one-hour livestream where you curse all
the socks live
i want people to see and i'm really glad
that you brought up wearing the socks on
your hands yeah that's exciting
because visually for an hour as we slide
socks in front of you and you curse them
it's gonna be really good content i
think people are like truly we're gonna
see how long it takes for you to curse i
mean all these socks
i mean i think it should be taken
seriously i don't think it's going to be
very funny watching me do this this is a
it's going to be a it's going to be real
we're going to have some other stuff
going on we're going to get a mannequin
and we're gonna put the tuxedo on the
mannequin which by the way uh i saw i
went into eric's office today and i saw
the tuxedo with my own eyes uh it exists
where is this office that eric has
what's in stage four
uh
and so uh i uh
uh we're gonna we're gonna put the
tuxedo on a on a dress form or on a on a
mannequin and then we're gonna take a
polaroid every time you curse a pair of
socks i'm gonna take a polaroid picture
of the tuxedo and then give that away
with the socks so that everybody gets
their own polaroid picture of the tuxedo
how [__] cool is that
yeah i didn't see how they're related at
all but that is
what's like the bonus to throw i mean
i'm with gavin but i'm also with jeff
you know what i mean yeah
they call it a sweetener yeah i like it
i'm into it i want to share i want to
share the tuxedo with people as soon as
possible and this is the first way i
could think of in the in the merch
thread on slack tony posted a like a
mock-up of
the cursed socks and then maxi from
social chimed in and said will you be
selling uncursed versions
i really want those socks but i'm
superstitious
so i just said i well i basically wanted
to say no like there's no there's not
gonna be any uncursed versions uh but i
promised i would do a very mild curse on
hers yeah can i i guess that's can i ask
this do you think that you
using your red socks to curse these
other red socks
will dissipate the cursed nature of your
socks like you're like passing smaller
curses onto these other socks and it's
like stealing power so you end up with
just like socks that you're able to wear
by i this might be a cleanse because it
is diluting across all pairs so i'll be
using my red socks to decurs well i'll
be decursing my red socks onto the red
socks right but yeah maybe
a side effect of that well that the red
sox as a team would get worse hmm
i this is an interesting thought i think
it's important you do cover your hands
because there could be a real battle
of the curse because you're not you're
you're known as the boy with the golden
hands right so if you need to cover
those literal golden hands with some red
socks so that way you're not you're not
blessing them you could be cursing and
then blessing depending on how you pass
it off
it's important your hands are covered
that's all i'm saying
so stupid and i don't know i i don't
know what that's going to look like for
an hour it's like at least a 25-second
job dude
we'll do other stuff we'll do other
stuff we'll make it an event we'll like
i'll put together a full show you can
even be off to the side and we can just
cut over to you every once in a while
let's check in on how gavin's doing kind
of thing if you want you know i'm sure
we can fill an hour with other stuff
uh
god knows there's a million different
dumb things we could do and yeah
we should say i mean obviously it's all
[__] it's all a lot of shite
but i i will genuinely feel bad if
someone dies wearing these cursed socks
but i don't know what to do about that
like that was
it's not real but we've had instances
where predictions have been made and
some weird [__] happens and
you know we just gotta be i gotta be
careful how would you know i don't kill
someone but how do you know if that
happened
let's just hope that the person that
bought them the socks dies in the same
accident so there'll be no way for the
information to get back to us
with the socks comes a card that gets
stuck
in your wallet so when they find your
body it will just have instructions on
like firstly check out what colored
socks i'm wearing if i'm wearing these
red socks please call this number just
so we can know no how dangerous these
socks are we'll put that no i like this
because we'll just put a sign behind the
tuxedo and you just keep your polaroid
in your wallet
so that way you have a picture of the
tuxedo and also a sign that says if i'm
dead and wearing red socks here's who
contact gavin free i don't understand
why you did this why what do you mean
well because this opened with you be
like oh i really hope this doesn't
happen and i bring up it's an
impossibility for you to know and then
you're like okay well let's make it
possible let's make sure that i do know
if it does happen well he likes to solve
the world of ignorance why don't we just
say don't wear them don't wear the socks
well i think we're doing that regardless
yeah
do you think people
do you think people would wear them
dude knowing the risks dude
that kid that came to rt monday night on
the podcast to eat frozen spaghetti is
eating that [__] spaghetti and that
spaghetti is like a year and a half old
and has been frozen and unfrozen like
nine times so yeah i think people will
wear the socks
if anything i assume you got some red
spaghetti sauce in that mix it's the
power of red it would if anything
enhance the flavor i would assume why
don't we have any current comment
leavers uh just let us know whether
you'd be buying these socks to own or to
wear or both there you go hey gabo i had
an idea i wanted i wanted to run by you
uh i mean android applies to you as well
we'd have to figure out how to work it
in but you know how you were talking the
other day about when we filmed sbi um we
were talking about how much fun it was
for you and i to be in an office
together again
and
uh how creatively uh inspiring it was
and i was thinking what if we had you
know because we're both busy boys and
there's not a lot we have a lot going on
there's not a lot of free time what if
we tried to earmark one day a month that
it was
face office day and we go and we spend
the whole day in an office together
maybe with eric too uh if he's got time
and then we can always pip in andrew
somehow and we just have to from like
nine to five we're required to be at
work together in an office and only
focusing on face
oh i'd love that one whatever happens
happens one day a month i mean maybe we
could expand we can expand if it's
successful and we get good stuff out of
it and we don't hate each other but like
one day a month we just for nine hours
we go and we just walk and talk and
speak face and whatever comes out of
that day comes out of that day let me
propose this because i don't know what
everyone's schedule is like but what if
we do like a second thursday of every
month thursday's already our episode
recording day
so why don't we just build that in and
we do like a second or a third thursday
of every month and that's just like the
day and that's what we got
we got i think it's dangerous to do on a
day that we're recording yeah i think
gavin will like that because it's
technically pleasantries for the thing
anymore well plus we i don't wanna i
don't wanna see him when we record so i
don't have to go home
i like it i like are we doing it like on
a friday then is that
i could do friday okay friday
andrew yeah it doesn't matter to me i
don't care i don't care what's the best
day for you eric
uh
uh thursday but i can make friday's work
what about you nick what's your best day
okay we can make friends like what if we
do
like every like third
friday uh every month and it's like like
so this month it would be the 19th if we
were to actually do it which i don't
think we can this month but um
like we could make that work i [__]
love that i think this is awesome i
think face will benefit hopefully
you could just do stuff that yeah like
instead of i mean to try to like
schedule an mvp too like we could just
know like oh we got friday yeah right
right we're like we gotta hit some we
gotta hit some baseballs gotta bury
beans like yeah yeah absolutely this
will get our [__] off the weekends
yeah yes big time and and i i really
like this idea i think building a day in
where we can all be together and do that
is a lot of fun too because we can grab
the other pieces that we need and just
sort of like
tell everyone to [__] off we have this
thing and also friday works because no
one's working on friday anyway it's fine
that's true that's true
and and you can hear you can hardly call
what we're about to do work so it fits
slots in perfectly on a friday very true
speaking of which we we should really i
know we're we just talked about
scheduling a whole day but
uh
we should probably try to figure out
that mvp thing soon too because we're
starting to
okay what are you doing okay what are
you doing on the 12th
uh let me see hold on let me look at my
calendar uh
yeah man i think i can do the 12th
i could also do anytime tomorrow or this
weekend
off the um i have i know i know i don't
want to do anything on a saturday or
something do you have a life yeah the
12th things i have things to do stuff
other stuff
i'm good for the 12th all right mvp2 on
the 12th i'm excited hang
you're right i got excited gavin 12th
oh look at that look at that that day is
open okay perfect okay
oh no no no that hasn't loaded hold on
no
no it's open
a couple of calls i can move
okay what time works best like do we
want to make this like a midday thing or
like a morning thing like what works
best for you
i i just want the tech to be figured out
i wouldn't mind what if we started our
day with it we had a morning monkey
movie and we ate breakfast while we
watched it
so what what time is it
because it's two hours difference for
where andrew is uh let's say 11 a.m our
time 9 a.m andrew's time
monkey mornings
monkey morning movie fantastic
okay
i can't imagine watching that movie at
night
i'm ready to watch it anytime
we could start now i'd be happy
5am any hour is an appropriate time to
watch mvp2 i need to record
the setup thing then right because i i
you wanted me to do a recap of the first
movie to fill you in on the lore going
into the second one i wanted to edit
i gotta do that
i'll record that that's good jeff has a
uh
looks like a meeting at 11 a.m but i put
it there anyway so that's good what the
[__] what is my meeting at 11 a.m
all right let's go through this
yeah no we didn't no hey yeah gavin
yeah gavin yes we did oh yeah because i
haven't i haven't accepted that meeting
yet it hasn't been accepted so
uh i haven't said yes to it so i can say
no to it yeah done okay you're gonna say
no you're gonna say maybe to it like no
i just said yes to the monkey thing okay
yeah it's way more important did we talk
about how you said the wrong year last
week yeah i should have said year three
but it was yeah i said year two but it
was have you been saying year three or
did you no no i just [__] up in that
moment they got me flustered and i got
all [__] up
uh
hey gav when we were
when we were in that office together
during the sbi i told you a story
that i had neglected to tell on the
podcast because i thought it was too
gross
and you told me you didn't think it was
too gross and that i should tell that
story oh god i think it's grosser than
andrew eating a bathroom floor cupcake i
was a low though that's like that was a
low
that was a low well this is a low for me
too
um the reason i ask is because i have an
update to that story
a while back
uh
this summer before sbi we were filming
i don't remember i think it was in june
i was doing a lot of swimming this is uh
personally embarrassing
uh and i don't know why because it's
totally fine but i was doing a lot of
swimming and uh
i started to get like a uh like some dry
scratchy skin on my thigh like right
next to my balls
and i thought it was just uh i thought
like maybe i'm using the blow dryer too
much when i go to the dryer i don't know
what it is
but uh it just started to get like more
and more irritated and then one morning
i looked i woke up and it had spread and
it was like all down my thigh and it was
like kind of up on the front above like
my dick shelf kind of area
and uh
and it was getting like really painful
to touch and i was like what the [__]
and so i was embarrassed that i showed
emily and she was like oh you probably
got like jock itch or something and i
was like i can't have that i've never
had that in my entire life even in five
years in the army i never got jock itch
that's disgusting uh how does one even
get that what is jock itch and uh also
yes i'm no jock i mean yeah i can swing
a baseball but baseball bat but
and so i thought well i i i spent a
couple days just putting like loturman
on it and it kept getting worse to the
point where i couldn't
it was painful to wear clothes
and so i went to my doctor and i had to
show my doctor my business and he was
like whoa
you've got some j you got a hell of a
case of jock itch buddy and i was like
i've never had that before and he was
like well if he he's like it happens a
lot more often than you'd think it's a
normal thing
it's uh he goes if you're if you're if
you're outside a lot when it's hot
you're sweating you know stuff gets a
little musty it's very easy for it to
grow there do you swim a lot and i was
like i swim all the time i'm jet skiing
all the time i'm in pools barton springs
all the time he's like you got it you
got it from that just like it's like a
[__] thing yeah i guess it's like a
fungal thing it's like athlete's [__]
it's like it's the same thing as
athlete's foot just on your uh just
another another area i think it's like
the exact same fungus oh man
and so he was like you know what you do
is like just bring an extra pair of
shorts and just change out of the
wetlands and the dry ones whenever you
get out of the water and then he gave me
some prescription medicine
that i had to put on it i was lucky and
that my daughter was out of town for
like 10 straight days because it got so
inflamed and it was so bad that for nine
days i didn't wear shorts or underwear
or pants i walked around i i air i
andrew panton did i donald ducked it
just in a t-shirt a t i wore a t-shirt
and socks only i didn't leave the house
for nine days as i beat down this
horrible jock itch and i bring it up i
brought it up together and i was like i
think this probably too close too gross
to tell but i did record three episodes
of face
during it like completely naked sitting
in the chair like with a jock itch
medicine cream all over my legs just an
agony
i was recorded an episode one week and
then we recorded a two fur the next week
and uh the entire time i was just like
flaming hot jock itch just in
agonizing pain anyway and then
eventually it they said it would go away
it went away and uh
and when i got the prescription from the
that's the worst cheetos flavor nick
said uh
the flamin hot jacket when uh when i got
that prescription
from the uh from the pharmacy the
pharmacist goes
you're gonna need more than this and i
go what do you mean he goes they didn't
prescribe you enough this stuff is
persistent and i was like okay
pharmacist whatever the doctor
[__] told me this would be enough and
uh and i bring that up because you know
this all got beaten back in like my
mid-july it was gone i was totally fine
and uh
guess who woke up with jock itch this
morning oh no
it's back in attendance no whatever
so the trilogy of face episodes where
you've got
knob out knob rot is now a quadrilogy
there's now a fourth episode
is your [__] out right now no no i'm
wearing shorts uh it's not like so bad i
can't wear clothes uh but uh i already
had to call in the prescription on as
soon as we're done here i got to go to
cvs and get more jacket stuff
i can't [__] believe it and i'm going
to i'm going to tell the story because a
gavin said uh that it's not too gross to
tell b because i want to raise awareness
for jock itch it's a terrible
tragedy that's befalls upon people all
over the world and it doesn't mean that
they're grossly gross people it may just
mean that they like to swim a lot and
it's 110 degrees in texas all the time
so stop jocket shaming
who is
no it's a thing i'm aware of it it sucks
so bad
knob out knob rot this is stuck in my
head gavin said i can't it's got no bra
no my knob is fine it's not on my knob
it's just on my thighs and the area
around the knob the worst iteration of
fraggle rock
knob rod the worst the worst part about
this is
is that i got the jock itch
three weeks before my vasectomy and so
it cleared up
like it cleared up i was sweating it
because i didn't want to like not be
able to get my vasectomy
so it cleared up like the week of the
vasectomy and then i got my vasectomy so
i basically haven't been able to
sexually use my stuff
in like oh it was like over a month
because i had like jock itch right into
the vasectomy recovery and then now that
i'm finally feeling better you know i'm
two and a half weeks past the vasectomy
the jock itch just like like
hello
hello just guys
i'm back
the second it clears up they're straight
in there with a scalpel
i'm gonna have like in this period three
months of an unusable crotch
it just sucks
[Laughter]
just [__] sucks how do i avoid it i'm
worried about this yeah it's i don't
know like humidity
or some [__] oh does it yeah i think so
i think there's like
what doesn't what does gold one gives
you cancer
falcon powder and cancer yeah see it's
rough
[Laughter]
all right
feels like a thing you'd have to pull
out of the operation guy it's the knob
right section
we
[Laughter]
oh man big long back
right oh yeah the mouth is just like
just
you go near the face and the mouth just
lights up
i mean we all everyone here has lower
body problems gavin's got cursed socks i
got unusable ankles you got the crotch
crotch rod yeah i don't know how you
expect are you going to be able to do
this end cap challenge with yeah
absolutely no i'm good i'm all good now
and the marathon
that is like a distant thought i'm just
we gotta as jeff said crawl before we
run
right but that was our point when you
brought it up in the first place you
were so far from the marathon when it
came out of your mouth it was yeah
you're right as a burger confidence
remove a shampoo bottle from the butt
[Laughter]
open up gavin's airway so he doesn't
fart to death
i like the idea of having to remove the
shampoo bottle from the butt but every
game ships without that piece like it
was never enough
this is the empty slot
oh man you fix your farting gavin
you start fire problems
uh the cpap is unplugged in a corner
still can't bring your softer i want to
wait until i've had some decent sleep
before i start ruining my sleep that's
my that's fine
how are you ever going to get sleep
unless you decent sleep unless you
figure out this cpap problem
it is a double edge it's a good point
didn't you start the seat back because
you should have a good night's sleep
yeah that is very sick
yep
oh
get up you ever wake you i was gonna end
never mind never mind but i said good
app that wasn't yesterday yeah wrap up
yeah we're done you got more stuff why
is that a small thing but it's fine we
should wrap up this is good i feel like
you just destroyed the end of the
podcast we haven't created an hour why
don't you redeem it with your small
thing no it's just a smile it's gonna
because we brought it before
jeff you woke up on [__] and i was
like ah that's a terrible way to come
out of sleep have you ever woken
yourself up from farting relationship
with gavin said
oh
yeah i don't think i've ever had it
happen until like last week i woke my i
startled myself because i farted it was
a massive it wasn't lot it was just
powerful i think it was the most
powerful fart i've ever had powerful how
like it if it wasn't loud how is it
powerful like you moved the other way
yeah no like the sheet move like if we
if there was a baseball between my legs
that ball would have went 80. we would
have hit jeff's goal it was how far
would a shampoo bottle have going oh a
different country easily it would have
went north all the way to texas
hands down easily
so it was like a lot of pressure i think
it was like a little more like a bassy
fart than a lion we're at the point now
where we can communicate almost entirely
in face references
because it's a language
it's just startling so it's curious if
you guys have had it happen to you it
was it was an alarming thing i was in a
great sleep and then all of a sudden my
ass essentially exploded uh no i think
i've woken up with the full feeling of
needing to but i don't think i've i
don't think i've actually woke myself up
with one yeah it's curious because i do
you the cpap problems and then you're
bloated i was curious if it ever
happened if that's how you woke up i
would be [__] awesome
especially if it was like one of those
45 second cpap farts like you wake up
in the part and then you're still
farting and then you fully come too and
you're still fine
you can just hear him going further away
because it's so constant
slowly slowly going
[Music]
oh well you've done it again audience
you made it to the end of an episode of
the face podcast good on you
you're a patient human being thanks for
listening maybe you liked it i sure hope
you did if you did uh i'll assume you're
telling everybody you've ever met uh
literally every single human being you
come in contact with on the planet earth
you probably are mentioning face too and
i appreciate that to you and i'd like to
say hey
uh that's the the bare minimum you could
be doing to promote this show you could
try a little harder uh
no i'm just kidding
don't tell anybody about it uh it
doesn't matter either way uh we'll
listen to you next time
how does it not matter either way
well i just felt like i was coming on
too strong so that i tried to walk it
back a bit i really do want them to tell
every single
human being on earth there's seven and a
half billion people on this planet and
most of them don't listen to our podcast
and i think there's
and i have issues
but i don't want to put the onus too
much on the audience because then
they're going to feel like i'm asking
too much of them and i don't want to do
that so so i tried to like i realized
that i thought i overstepped so then i
tried to i tried you're good we can end
this this is perfect gavin don't unravel
us
okay
bye you're unraveling it what do you
mean i unraveled it
it was going great we had a great ending
is it oh goodbye
hey guys major league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
it's the halo episode of face let's talk
about tyson gavin thought billy zane was
in the mummy star wipes are the best who
forgot to roll audio the halo challenge
has been completed and once again andrew
does not eat the pencil all that and
more on next week's episode of face
[Music]